Metal Toad is an Advanced AWS Consulting Partner that empowers organizations to innovate through artificial intelligence, cloud migration, cost optimization, and application modernization. We help our customers with their cloud adoption by providing architecture, migration, optimization, machine learning, and even 24/7 support. We are a professional services firm providing services in software engineering and the cloud. We do Technical consulting, Programming &amp; Quality Assurance, DevOps, Applications, UX, Product management, and Project management. Metal Toad is a fully remote company, offering all team members the ability to work from home. Although Metal Toad is a remote company, we are currently seekingcontractorsresiding in Brazilfor this position. Compensation will be made inBrazilian Reais (R$), following the local currency of the country where the position is located. Due to legal limitations, we areunable to sponsor any type of visa. To apply for this position, please submit yourresume in English as a PDF. Job Description The mission for this role is to guide our clients to the best strategic product decisions for their unique organization and business goals. Product Owners at Metal Toad connect and translate between client business needs and technology solutions. You speak business values and are fluent in user stories. You bring a global view of development processes to your work, assisting in the creation of strategic vision and program development. Responsibilities Leadership Excels in striking a balance in focus between engineering, business strategy, and human relationships. Understand how to prioritize work effort and communicate that to the team. Maintaining awareness of both the external and internal competitive landscape, opportunities for expansion, customers, markets, new industry developments, and standards. Maintain a positive and respectful tone in all interactions. Product Owner Work with the development team on the most elegant way to architect the solution driven by your intimate understanding of client needs and requirements. Ensure requirements are fully understood and that implementation plans match expectations. Identify and articulate client business needs and opportunities for growth. Serve as a trusted advisor for client’s technology strategy, including product planning, strategic roadmapping, and release planning. Act as a Product Owner developing, maintaining, and refining abacklog in Jira. Serve on a scrum team, representing business needs to the developers and ensuring tickets are completed successfully. Surface product risks and identify tactics to address them. Balance mastery of the technological craft with your empathy for clients. Serve as a guide and advisor to clients to move them forward. Educate and align the development teams on client requirements and serve as the client’s proxy with the development teams during the build cycles. QUALIFICATIONS REQUIRED Agree with our Corporate Values Statement . Believes in the company's mission:to help people Believes in the principles of open source Advanced to fluent English communication skills are essential for this role 3+ yearsexperience leading software applications and/or providing strategic advisory services and account management services Bachelor's degree or currently enrolled in Design, Administration, Marketing, or related field, or equivalent professional experience Proven ability to build relationships with a diverse set of people, including senior-level executives, R&amp;D, product management, legal, finance, sales, and marketing experts Can clearly and concisely synthesize/communicate complex requirements and/or organizational problems and propose solutions while working through complicated, matrixed decision paths Professional use of technology backlog processes and backlog tools, likeJira,ClickUp, andAsana Ability to confidently lead a group in whiteboarding, concepts, and prioritization exercises Ability to lead cross-functional business and technical teams to provide timely issue resolution Nice To Have: PSPOCertification orCSPOCertification Please note that Metal Toad will never ask for payment or financial information during the hiring process. If you are asked for such information, it is a scam. Report it immediately. Originally posted on Himalayas