岗位名称: Offline &amp; Online Event Project Manager (线下活动+KOL) 语言要求: 泰文母语 岗位职责： 1、与客户保持日常沟通与合作关系，精准解读及传达客户诉求，并就需求与内部团队联合消化；负责对接接下活动需求 2、能够有效把控客户的需求, 协调公司内或是拓展公司外部资源解决并推进 3、执行且有效把控项目的进程和效果，及时与客户及供应商沟通进程，控制项目进展时间，确保有效的推进； 4、公司内外沟通和对接供应商，保证项目的顺利进行； 5、负责项目的总结、归档，内部资料的整理归纳； 6、擅长发现问题解决问题，并且不掩埋问题，自己解决不了的及时向上级反馈。 7. 为客户寻找匹配的KOL, 艺人以及媒体。 拓展, 接洽&amp;沉淀泰国KOL,艺人以及媒体资源。 岗位要求： - 英语泰文流利，能作为工作语言 - 细心且有自我驱动力 - 需有大型线下活动规划以及PM经验 - 对游戏行业、ACGN、新兴网络潮流有一定了解 - 具有良好的沟通能力、理解力、执行力、抗压能力 熟练操作电脑和使用Excel, Word 和 PowerPoint等软件，能分析数据并建立分析报告 - 对游戏业态有深刻理解、重度游戏玩家优先 -Base泰国 曼谷, 居家办公 Position Title: Offline &amp; Online Event Project Manager (Offline Activities + online campaign promotion) Language Requirements: Native Thai speaker Job Responsibilities: 1. Maintain daily communication and collaboration with clients, accurately interpret and convey client requests, and work with external teams to address these needs; responsible for coordinating offline event requirements. 2. Effectively manage client needs, coordinating internal resources or expanding external resources to solve issues and push projects forward. 3. Being deeply involved into the offline and online project execution. In the mean time, contral the progression and outcomes of projects, communicate with clients, suppliers, kols, medias, celebrity on progress, control timelines, and ensure effective project advancement. 4. Facilitate communication both within the company and with external suppliers to ensure the smooth execution of projects. 5. Responsible for project summaries, archiving, and organizing internal documentation. 6. Skilled at identifying and solving problems, and reporting to supervisors when necessary if issues cannot be resolved independently. 7. Find and connect with Kols, the media or celebrities for the campaigns. Maintain the relationship and control the campaign timeline and execution, make sure the deliveries fit client's requirement Job Requirements: Fluent in both English and Thai, able to use both as working languages. - Detail-oriented and self-motivated. Must have experience in planning and managing large offline events. Familiar with the gaming industry, ACGN (Anime, Comic, Game, Novel) culture, and emerging online trends. Strong communication, comprehension, execution, and stress-management skills. Proficient in computer operations and the use of software like Excel, Word, and PowerPoint. Capable of analyzing data and creating reports. Deep understanding of the gaming industry; hardcore gamers are preferred. Having working experience in Thai MCN KOL agency Location: Bangkok, Thailand, work from home Website: www.lkwd.cn 薪资 USD 1200-1700 Originally posted on Himalayas